{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14400\viewh13500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Discussion:\

\b 1.What were your priorities in implementing this design?
\b0 \
\
I wanted to focus on performance, accessibility, responsive design with media queries, easy code sharing, being able to complete quickly and hence made the following decisions\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Used VueJS inspite of my limited experience with it as it is light-weight better performant, good for getting up and running quickly without an elaborate build process for a small project and for easy code sharing (so others looking through wouldn't need to rely on any build processes and also short learning curve and better clarity for anyone even looking for the first time).\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Used semantic mark-up and be inherently accessible and use aria roles as needed, be mindful of text contrast, readability, tab-order, key-board navigation, titles etc. for accessibility.\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Used min-width based media query for more thoughtful layout for smaller viewports and overrode in larger viewports based on "design breakpoints" custom \'93tailored\'94 as needed when the design/elements start looking messed up v/s hard coded "device breakpoints" \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Used Vanilla CSS without any frameworks without the weight of a CSS framework. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b 2.Is there a piece you *really* wish you had gotten to, but ran out of time?
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I wanted to make the shopping list items be editable also, but focused more on getting the basic functionality/requirements with more focus on the priorities mentioned in #1\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}I wanted to have better browser support and more testing but currently focused on modern browser support only for the assignment (eg. Use of CSS variables).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}In general, I really wanted to implement this using web components for a more generic solution, but due to browser support,  polyfills, more research and time needed I decided to go with Vue for the assignment. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\b 3. What were your concerns for supporting all users with this particular design?
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Since I made the decision to use VueJS, this comes with a dependency of needing to include this framework.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Currently I am using local storage for demo purpose but there would need to be more robust approach and options for data handling. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}